woe to the shepherds who destroy and
woe to the shepherds who destroy and scatter the Sheep of my pasture says the
scatter the Sheep of my pasture says the
scatter the Sheep of my pasture says the Lord therefore thus says the Lord God of
Lord therefore thus says the Lord God of
Lord therefore thus says the Lord God of Israel against the shepherds who feed my
Israel against the shepherds who feed my
Israel against the shepherds who feed my people you have scattered my flock
people you have scattered my flock
people you have scattered my flock driven them away and not attended to
driven them away and not attended to
driven them away and not attended to them behold I will attend to you for the
them behold I will attend to you for the
them behold I will attend to you for the evil of your doings says the Lord but I
evil of your doings says the Lord but I
evil of your doings says the Lord but I will gather the remnant of my flock out
will gather the remnant of my flock out
will gather the remnant of my flock out of all countries where I have driven
of all countries where I have driven
of all countries where I have driven them and bring them back to their folds
them and bring them back to their folds
them and bring them back to their folds and they shall be fruitful and increase
and they shall be fruitful and increase
and they shall be fruitful and increase I will set up Shepherds over them who
I will set up Shepherds over them who
I will set up Shepherds over them who will feed them and they shall fear no
will feed them and they shall fear no
will feed them and they shall fear no more nor be dismayed nor shall they be
more nor be dismayed nor shall they be
more nor be dismayed nor shall they be lacking says the Lord behold the days
lacking says the Lord behold the days
lacking says the Lord behold the days are coming says the Lord that I will
are coming says the Lord that I will
are coming says the Lord that I will raise to David a branch of righteousness
raise to David a branch of righteousness
raise to David a branch of righteousness a king shall reign and prosper and
a king shall reign and prosper and
a king shall reign and prosper and execute judgment and righteousness in
execute judgment and righteousness in
execute judgment and righteousness in the earth in his days Judah will be
the earth in his days Judah will be
the earth in his days Judah will be saved and Israel will dwell safely now
saved and Israel will dwell safely now
saved and Israel will dwell safely now this is his name by which he will be
this is his name by which he will be
this is his name by which he will be called the Lord our righteousness
therefore behold the days are coming
therefore behold the days are coming says the Lord that they shall no longer
says the Lord that they shall no longer
says the Lord that they shall no longer say as the Lord lives who brought up the
say as the Lord lives who brought up the
say as the Lord lives who brought up the children of Israel from the land of
children of Israel from the land of
children of Israel from the land of Egypt but as the Lord lives who brought
Egypt but as the Lord lives who brought
Egypt but as the Lord lives who brought up and led the descendents of the house
up and led the descendents of the house
up and led the descendents of the house of Israel from the north country and
of Israel from the north country and
of Israel from the north country and from all the countries where I had
from all the countries where I had
from all the countries where I had driven them
driven them
driven them they shall dwell in their own land my
they shall dwell in their own land my
they shall dwell in their own land my heart within me is broken because of the
heart within me is broken because of the
heart within me is broken because of the prophets all my bones shake I am like a
prophets all my bones shake I am like a
prophets all my bones shake I am like a drunken man and like a man who wine has
drunken man and like a man who wine has
drunken man and like a man who wine has overcome because of the lord and because
overcome because of the lord and because
overcome because of the lord and because of his holy words for the land is full
of his holy words for the land is full
of his holy words for the land is full of adulterers for because of a curse the
of adulterers for because of a curse the
of adulterers for because of a curse the land mourns the pleasant places of the
land mourns the pleasant places of the
land mourns the pleasant places of the wilderness are dried up their course of
wilderness are dried up their course of
wilderness are dried up their course of life is evil and their might is not
life is evil and their might is not
life is evil and their might is not right for both prophet and priests are
right for both prophet and priests are
right for both prophet and priests are profaned yes in my house I have found
profaned yes in my house I have found
profaned yes in my house I have found their wickedness says the Lord therefore
their wickedness says the Lord therefore
their wickedness says the Lord therefore their way shall be to them like slippery
their way shall be to them like slippery
their way shall be to them like slippery ways in the darkness they shall be
ways in the darkness they shall be
ways in the darkness they shall be driven on and fall in them for I will
driven on and fall in them for I will
driven on and fall in them for I will bring disaster on them the year of their
bring disaster on them the year of their
bring disaster on them the year of their punishment and I have seen folly in the
punishment and I have seen folly in the
punishment and I have seen folly in the prophets of Samaria they prophesied by
prophets of Samaria they prophesied by
prophets of Samaria they prophesied by bail and caused my people Israel to err
bail and caused my people Israel to err
bail and caused my people Israel to err also I have seen a horrible thing in the
also I have seen a horrible thing in the
also I have seen a horrible thing in the prophets of Jerusalem they commit
prophets of Jerusalem they commit
prophets of Jerusalem they commit adultery and walk in lives they also
adultery and walk in lives they also
adultery and walk in lives they also strengthen their hands of evildoers so
strengthen their hands of evildoers so
strengthen their hands of evildoers so that no one turns back from his
that no one turns back from his
that no one turns back from his wickedness all of them are like sodom to
wickedness all of them are like sodom to
wickedness all of them are like sodom to me and her inhabitants like gomorrah
me and her inhabitants like gomorrah
me and her inhabitants like gomorrah therefore thus says the lord of hosts
therefore thus says the lord of hosts
therefore thus says the lord of hosts concerning the prophets behold I will
concerning the prophets behold I will
concerning the prophets behold I will feed them with wormwood and make them
feed them with wormwood and make them
feed them with wormwood and make them drink the water of gall for from the
drink the water of gall for from the
drink the water of gall for from the prophets of Jerusalem profaneness has
prophets of Jerusalem profaneness has
prophets of Jerusalem profaneness has gone out into all the land thus says the
gone out into all the land thus says the
gone out into all the land thus says the Lord of hosts do not listen to the words
Lord of hosts do not listen to the words
Lord of hosts do not listen to the words of the prophets who prophesy to you they
of the prophets who prophesy to you they
of the prophets who prophesy to you they make you worthless they speak a vision
make you worthless they speak a vision
make you worthless they speak a vision of their own heart not from the mouth of
of their own heart not from the mouth of
of their own heart not from the mouth of the Lord they continually say to those
the Lord they continually say to those
the Lord they continually say to those who despise me the Lord has said you
who despise me the Lord has said you
who despise me the Lord has said you shall have peace and to everyone who
shall have peace and to everyone who
shall have peace and to everyone who walks according to the dictates of his
walks according to the dictates of his
walks according to the dictates of his own heart they say no evil shall come
own heart they say no evil shall come
own heart they say no evil shall come upon you for who has stood in the
upon you for who has stood in the
upon you for who has stood in the counsel of the Lord and has perceived
counsel of the Lord and has perceived
counsel of the Lord and has perceived and heard his word who has marked his
and heard his word who has marked his
and heard his word who has marked his word and heard it behold a whirlwind of
word and heard it behold a whirlwind of
word and heard it behold a whirlwind of the Lord has gone forth in fury a
the Lord has gone forth in fury a
the Lord has gone forth in fury a violent whirlwind it will fall violently
violent whirlwind it will fall violently
violent whirlwind it will fall violently on the head of the wicked the anger of
on the head of the wicked the anger of
on the head of the wicked the anger of the Lord will not turn back until he has
the Lord will not turn back until he has
the Lord will not turn back until he has executed and performed the thoughts of
executed and performed the thoughts of
executed and performed the thoughts of his heart in the latter days you will
his heart in the latter days you will
his heart in the latter days you will understand it perfectly I have not sent
understand it perfectly I have not sent
understand it perfectly I have not sent these prophets yet they ran I have not
these prophets yet they ran I have not
these prophets yet they ran I have not spoken to them yet they prophesied but
spoken to them yet they prophesied but
spoken to them yet they prophesied but if they had stood in my counsel and had
if they had stood in my counsel and had
if they had stood in my counsel and had caused my people to hear my words then
caused my people to hear my words then
caused my people to hear my words then they would have turned them from their
they would have turned them from their
they would have turned them from their evil way and from the evil of their
evil way and from the evil of their
evil way and from the evil of their doings am i a God near at hand says the
doings am i a God near at hand says the
doings am i a God near at hand says the Lord and not a God afar off can anyone
Lord and not a God afar off can anyone
Lord and not a God afar off can anyone hide himself in secret places so I shall
hide himself in secret places so I shall
hide himself in secret places so I shall not see him says the Lord do I not fill
not see him says the Lord do I not fill
not see him says the Lord do I not fill heaven and earth says the Lord I have
heaven and earth says the Lord I have
heaven and earth says the Lord I have heard what the prophets have said who
heard what the prophets have said who
heard what the prophets have said who prophesy lies in my name saying
prophesy lies in my name saying
prophesy lies in my name saying I have dreamed I have dreamed how long
I have dreamed I have dreamed how long
I have dreamed I have dreamed how long will this be in the heart of the
will this be in the heart of the
will this be in the heart of the prophets who prophesy lies indeed they
prophets who prophesy lies indeed they
prophets who prophesy lies indeed they are prophets of the deceit of their own
are prophets of the deceit of their own
are prophets of the deceit of their own heart who tried to make my people forget
heart who tried to make my people forget
heart who tried to make my people forget my name by their dreams which everyone
my name by their dreams which everyone
my name by their dreams which everyone tells his neighbor as their fathers
tells his neighbor as their fathers
tells his neighbor as their fathers forgot my name for bail the prophet who
forgot my name for bail the prophet who
forgot my name for bail the prophet who has a dream let him tell the dream and
has a dream let him tell the dream and
has a dream let him tell the dream and he who has my word
he who has my word
he who has my word let him speak my word faithfully what is
let him speak my word faithfully what is
let him speak my word faithfully what is the chaff to the wheat says the Lord is
the chaff to the wheat says the Lord is
the chaff to the wheat says the Lord is not my word like a fire says the Lord
not my word like a fire says the Lord
not my word like a fire says the Lord and like a hammer that breaks the rock
and like a hammer that breaks the rock
and like a hammer that breaks the rock in pieces therefore behold I am against
in pieces therefore behold I am against
in pieces therefore behold I am against the prophet says the Lord who steal my
the prophet says the Lord who steal my
the prophet says the Lord who steal my words every one from his neighbor behold
words every one from his neighbor behold
words every one from his neighbor behold I am against the prophet says the Lord
I am against the prophet says the Lord
I am against the prophet says the Lord who used their tongues and Saint he says
who used their tongues and Saint he says
who used their tongues and Saint he says behold I am against those who prophesy
behold I am against those who prophesy
behold I am against those who prophesy false dreams says the Lord and tell them
false dreams says the Lord and tell them
false dreams says the Lord and tell them and cause my people to err by their
and cause my people to err by their
and cause my people to err by their lives and by their recklessness yet I
lives and by their recklessness yet I
lives and by their recklessness yet I did not send them or command them
did not send them or command them
did not send them or command them therefore they shall not profit this
therefore they shall not profit this
therefore they shall not profit this people at all says the Lord so when
people at all says the Lord so when
people at all says the Lord so when these people or the prophet or the
these people or the prophet or the
these people or the prophet or the priest ask you saying what is the Oracle
priest ask you saying what is the Oracle
priest ask you saying what is the Oracle of the Lord you shall then say to them
of the Lord you shall then say to them
of the Lord you shall then say to them what Oracle I will even forsake you and
what Oracle I will even forsake you and
what Oracle I will even forsake you and as for the prophet and the priest and
as for the prophet and the priest and
as for the prophet and the priest and the people who say the Oracle of the
the people who say the Oracle of the
the people who say the Oracle of the Lord I will even punish that man and his
Lord I will even punish that man and his
Lord I will even punish that man and his house thus every one of you shall say to
house thus every one of you shall say to
house thus every one of you shall say to his neighbor and everyone to his brother
his neighbor and everyone to his brother
his neighbor and everyone to his brother what has the Lord answered and what has
what has the Lord answered and what has
what has the Lord answered and what has the Lord spoken and the Oracle of the
the Lord spoken and the Oracle of the
the Lord spoken and the Oracle of the Lord you shall mention no more
Lord you shall mention no more
Lord you shall mention no more for every man's world will be his Oracle
for every man's world will be his Oracle
for every man's world will be his Oracle for you have perverted the words of the
for you have perverted the words of the
for you have perverted the words of the Living God the Lord of Hosts our God
Living God the Lord of Hosts our God
Living God the Lord of Hosts our God thus you shall say to the Prophet what
thus you shall say to the Prophet what
thus you shall say to the Prophet what has the Lord answered you and what has
has the Lord answered you and what has
has the Lord answered you and what has the Lord spoken but since you say the
the Lord spoken but since you say the
the Lord spoken but since you say the Oracle of the Lord therefore thus says
Oracle of the Lord therefore thus says
Oracle of the Lord therefore thus says the Lord because you say this word the
the Lord because you say this word the
the Lord because you say this word the Oracle of the Lord and I have sent to
Oracle of the Lord and I have sent to
Oracle of the Lord and I have sent to you saying do not say the Oracle of the
you saying do not say the Oracle of the
you saying do not say the Oracle of the Lord therefore behold I even I will
Lord therefore behold I even I will
Lord therefore behold I even I will utterly forget you and forsake you and
utterly forget you and forsake you and
utterly forget you and forsake you and the city that I gave you and your
the city that I gave you and your
the city that I gave you and your fathers and will cast you out of my
fathers and will cast you out of my
fathers and will cast you out of my presence and I will bring an everlasting
presence and I will bring an everlasting
presence and I will bring an everlasting reproach upon you and a perpetual shame
reproach upon you and a perpetual shame
reproach upon you and a perpetual shame which shall not be forgotten